:seedling: Add ionoscloud provider (#10767)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/user/quick-start.md

clusterctl init --infrastructure ibmcloud
```

{{#/tab }}
{{#tab IONOS Cloud}}

> Credentials are configured per cluster. Therefore, no need to specify them for the provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IONOS Cloud credentials are configured in the `IONOSCloudCluster`. therefore, there is no need to specify them in the provider initialization.
```

Please visit the [IBM Cloud provider] for more information.

{{#/tab }}
{{#tab IONOS Cloud}}

> You need to build your own image in order to use it with the IONOS Cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ClusterAPI compatible image must be available in your IONOS Cloud contract. For instructions on how to build a compatible Image, see [our docs](https://github.com/ionos-cloud/cluster-api-provider-ionoscloud/blob/main/docs/custom-image.md).
```
